DBZ-3873 Adding overview page to SMTs (#2636)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/transformations/index.adoc

= Transformations

> Connectors can be configured with transformations to make lightweight message-at-a-time modifications. {prodname} provides several single message transformations (SMTs) that you can use to modify event records before Kafka Connect saves the records to Kafka topics.

Reviewer: Can you make "single message transformations" a link to upstream Kafka docs (look for the link prefix we have for that).

Reviewer: SMTs can also be applied on the sink side (i.e. when reading from Kafka topics).

Reviewer: Debezium Server also allows for using SMTs. We should not make it sound as if they only can be used with Kafka Connect.

Author: > Can you make "single message transformations" a link to upstream Kafka docs (look for the link prefix we have for that).

https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#connect_transforms this one?

Author: > Debezium Server also allows for using SMTs. We should not make it sound as if they only can be used with Kafka Connect.

Second line is something i copied from https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/1.6/transformations/applying-transformations-selectively.html#_smt_predicates

"_Debezium provides several single message transformations (SMTs) that you can use to modify inbound event records before they are written to Kafka and outbound messages before they are sent to a sink connector._" 
Is this better or do you want me to remove the second line?

Reviewer: > this one?

Yes, exactly. Just use the right variable instead of hard-coding the https://kafka.apache.org part.

Reviewer: Let's go with "Debezium provides several single message transformations (SMTs) that you can use to either modify records before they are sent to Kafka (by applying them to the Debezium connectors) or when they are read from Kafka by a sink connector. Also Debezium Server (add link) supports the usage of SMTs).

> We currently have the following {prodname} provided SMTs to use with Kafka Connect:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following SMTs are provided by {prodname}:
```

> * xref:transformations/topic-routing.adoc[Topic Routing]

Author: @gunnarmorling do you want this to be a table with sort description?

Reviewer: wdym by "sort description"? Sort *direction* by any chance? If so, no I don't think it's needed.

Author: sry my bad its typo, I meant to arrange these available SMT's in a tabular form with a column of "short" description.

Reviewer: Ah yes, a short description is a good idea 👍

* xref:transformations/event-flattening.adoc[New Record State Extraction]
* xref:transformations/mongodb-event-flattening.adoc[MongoDB New Document State Extraction]
* xref:transformations/outbox-event-router.adoc[Outbox Event Router]
* xref:transformations/filtering.adoc[Message Filtering]
* xref:transformations/content-based-routing.adoc[Content-Based Routing]
* xref:transformations/applying-transformations-selectively.adoc[Using SMT Predicates to Selectively Apply Transformations]

[NOTE]
====

> Most of the above SMTs are available by default with {prodname} container image, but you need to opt-in for the scripting-based ones(Message Filtering or Content-based Routing). see link:https://github.com/debezium/docker-images/tree/master/connect/1.7#enable_debezium_scripting[here].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the above SMTs are available by default with the {prodname} container image, but you need to opt-in for the scripting-based ones (Message Filtering or Content-based Routing). See the link:https://github.com/debezium/docker-images/tree/master/connect/1.7#enable_debezium_scripting[README] file of the container image for more details.
```
